Add docs for setting up metrics for homebrew installations (#35026)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-observability/ray-metrics.rst

Troubleshooting
---------------

> Getting Prometheus and Grafana to use the ray configurations when installed via homebrew on Mac OS X

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Getting Prometheus and Grafana to use the Ray configurations when installed via homebrew on macOS X
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

With homebrew, Prometheus and Grafana are installed as services that are automatically launched for you.

> Therefore, to configure these service, you cannot simply pass in the config files as command line arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, to configure these services, you cannot simply pass in the config files as command line arguments.
```

> Instead, follow these instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, follow these instructions:
```

1. Change the --config-file line in `/usr/local/etc/prometheus.args` to read `--config.file /tmp/ray/session_latest/metrics/prometheus/prometheus.yml`.
2. Update `/usr/local/etc/grafana/grafana.ini` file so that it matches the contents of `/tmp/ray/session_latest/metrics/grafana/grafana.ini`.

You can then start or restart the services with `brew services start grafana` and `brew services start prometheus`.

.. _unverified-developer:

> Mac does not trust the developer when installing prometheus or grafana

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MacOS does not trust the developer to install Prometheus or Grafana
```

> If you're getting error that `RAY_GRAFANA_HOST` is not setup despite you've set it up, please check:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're getting an error that says `RAY_GRAFANA_HOST` is not setup despite having set it up, please check:
```

> That you've included protocol in the URL (e.g. `http://your-grafana-url.com` instead of `your-grafana-url.com`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That you've included protocol in the URL (e.g., `http://your-grafana-url.com` instead of `your-grafana-url.com`).
```

Also, make sure that url doesn't have trailing slash (e.g. `http://your-grafana-url.com` instead of `http://your-grafana-url.com/`).

Certificate Authority (CA error)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> You may see CA error if your Grafana instance is hosted behind HTTPS. Contact the Grafana service owner to properly enable HTTPS traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may see a CA error if your Grafana instance is hosted behind HTTPS. Contact the Grafana service owner to properly enable HTTPS traffic.
```
